*: notices about importing 1.0 cluster with TiUP (#278)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/maintain-dm-using-tiup.md

## Import and upgrade a DM 1.0 cluster deployed using DM-Ansible

> **Note:**
>

> > TiUP doesn't support to import the DM-portal component in the 1.0 cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiUP does not support importing the DM Portal component in the 1.0 cluster.
```

> > TiUP does not support importing the DM Portal component in the 1.0 cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> TiUP does not support importing the DM Portal component in a DM 1.0 cluster.
```
